MIS40750 Assignment 1
Student Name: Micheál Boland
Student Number: 15204343
Date: 09/10/2015
Python File Name: locationselect.py

Assignment Goal:
	
	The goal is to find the plant location and port that will result in the lowest road transportation costs.

Inputs:
	
	In the location table of renewable.db we are given three columns namely long, lat and production.
	In the port table of renewable.db we are given two columns namely long and lat.

Assumptions:
	
	There are several factors in the calculation of the road transportation cost. In this case, the distance and production mass to be transported
	are only supplied. 
	It is assumed that the total transportation costs is calculated as (Distance Travelled * Total mass to be transported * "Other Variables")
	The value of "Other Variables", would include, but not limited to, factors such as labour cost and fuel. 
	For the purposes of the assignment, it is assumed that that value of "Other Variables" is constant for all locations.

Program High Level Flow:
	
	Based on the above assumptions, its therefore the goal of the assignment to find the combination of location and port that gives the lowest value
	of the product of total distance travelled times the mass of the production materials. 
	
	To calculate the distance travelled, a function is created using the Haversines Formula http://www.longitudestore.com/haversine-formula.html
	
	The cost is split into two elements. The first element is the cost of transporting materials to each location from every other location. Again the total
	cost per location is the sum of the products of distance travelled to that location times the mass that is transported. 
	The second element of cost is the cost of transporting all materials from each location to each port. Note that the total mass transported to the
	ports from each location will always be the same. The distance to each port and the cost of getting the materials from all other locations will be different.
	A nested for loop is used to calculate the cost for each location and port.
	
	It has been decided to store the results in a python dictionary where the key is a string reference to the location of the plant and each port.
	The value is then the total cost for that combination. The key in the dictionary that has the minimum value is then printed to the screen.
	
Solution:

	Location at Lat: 52.340000 Long: 6.480000 with Port at Lat: 52.270000 Long: 6.390000 is the most cost effective solution with a total cost of 261535898.672219 tonnes.km
